## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions


### Report Bugs

Report bugs [here](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/hueniverrrsity/issues).

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

hueniverrrsity could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official hueniverrrsity docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue [here](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/hueniverrrsity/issues).

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

## Opening a Pull Request
If you choose to submit a pull request, please review [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#opening-a-pull-request).

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the hueniverrrsity project is released with [this Contributor Code of Conduct](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/hueniverrrsity/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Attribution
This document is adapted from the `CONTRIBUTING.md` generated by the Python Cookiecutter package.
